update: Remove mentions of transactional updates and X11 utilities (#2682)
privacyguides/privacyguides.org: docs/desktop.md

These operating systems differ from Fedora Workstation as they replace the [DNF](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/quick-docs/dnf) package manager with a much more advanced alternative called [`rpm-ostree`](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/fedora/latest/system-administrators-guide/package-management/rpm-ostree). The `rpm-ostree` package manager works by downloading a base image for the system, then overlaying packages over it in a [git](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Git)-like commit tree. When the system is updated, a new base image is downloaded and the overlays will be applied to that new image.

After the update is complete you will reboot the system into the new deployment. `rpm-ostree` keeps two deployments of the system so that you can easily roll back if something breaks in the new deployment. There is also the option to pin more deployments as needed.

[Flatpak](https://flatpak.org) is the primary package installation method on these distributions, as `rpm-ostree` is only meant to overlay packages that cannot stay inside of a container on top of the base image.

> As an alternative to Flatpaks, there is the option of [Toolbx](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/fedora-silverblue/toolbox) to create [Podman](https://podman.io) containers with a shared home directory with the host operating system and mimic a traditional Fedora environment, which is a [useful feature](https://containertoolbx.org) for the discerning developer.

Reviewer: > Change "Toolbox" to "Toolbx" as that is the way the project names itself

why would they do [this](https://github.com/containers/toolbox/commit/c3403dae8cb0544ecaa94abdcd5eb3c896851b90) lol

> As an alternative to Flatpaks, there is the option of [Toolbx](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/fedora-silverblue/toolbox) to create [Podman](https://podman.io) containers with a home directory shared with the host operating system and to mimic a traditional Fedora environment, which is a [useful feature](https://containertoolbx.org) for the discerning developer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an alternative to Flatpaks, there is the option of [Toolbx](https://docs.fedoraproject.org/en-US/fedora-silverblue/toolbox) to create [Podman](https://podman.io) containers with a home directory shared with the host operating system which mimics a traditional Fedora environment, a [useful feature](https://containertoolbx.org) for the discerning developer.
```
